imp(distribution): adjust the magic number in distribution integration test to more reasonable logic (#2240)
evmos/evmos: CHANGELOG.md

- (swagger) [#2219](https://github.com/evmos/evmos/pull/2219) Update Swagger configuration to remove outdated entries and update vesting module version.
- (outposts) [#2223](https://github.com/evmos/evmos/pull/2223) Update Outposts struct documentation and `ValidateBasic`.
- (p256-precompile) [#2228](https://github.com/evmos/evmos/pull/2228) Adjust p256 precompile address from `0x0b` to `0x100`.

> - (distribution-precompile) [#2240](https://github.com/evmos/evmos/pull/2240) Adjust the magic number in distribution integration test to more reasonable logic.

Reviewer: It should rather say
```suggestion
- (distribution-precompile) [#2240](https://github.com/evmos/evmos/pull/2240) Replace hardcoded initial balance in distribution precompile tests with queried balance.
```
